Ok you concubine
How dare you discard the things bestowed by the emperor at will?
Imperial gift
If you can't get your medicine today
This palace will definitely cause you a crime of disrespect to the emperor
Concubine guilty
I really don't know that this is a royal task
Please forgive the green dragon
Yuan Fei, I suggest you take the initiative to admit it
This palace can also be less angry
This undone thing
Why should I admit it?
That being the case
Then don't delay any longer, Empress Deyuan Yuan Fei
Then go to the Zongren Mansion with the slave
The empress found it and wants it here.
Empress Shu
Concubine guilty
You really shouldn't keep this royal bounty in your backyard
Looking for time wasted
Please forgive me